Documentation for `nextResults` and bulk delete (#2603)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/guides/user-search-with-elasticsearch.adoc

| Yes
| Useful to leverage the full power of Elasticsearch queries and need to look across different fields, including nested values, and/or use compound or complex search parameters such as ranges.

| `nextResults`
| Yes

> | Allows you to continue paging forward in the results set after an initial `query` or `queryString` query. Useful for paging past the 10000 results limit in Elasticsearch. See link:docs/v1/tech/reference/limitations#user-searches[Limitations] for more information. Available since version 1.48.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Allows you to continue paging forward in the results set after an initial `query` or `queryString` query. Useful for paging past the 10000 results limit in Elasticsearch. See link:/docs/v1/tech/reference/limitations#user-searches[Limitations] for more information. Available since version 1.48.0.
```

include::docs/v1/tech/shared/_paginating-search-results.adoc[]

Note that prior to version 1.48.0 you'll only be able to get back 10,000 results no matter how you paginate. See the <<Limitations>> section for workarounds.

=== Extended Pagination

[NOTE.since]
====
Available since 1.48.0
====

Suppose you ran the following search query because you wanted to find all of your users. Note the use of `accurateTotal` to see the true number of available users.

[source,json]
.Search Query To Find All Users
----
include::docs/src/json/users/search-queryString-all-users-elasticsearch-request.json[]
----

You might get a response back like this:

[source,json]
.Result Of Find All Query
----
{
  "nextResults": "eyJscyI6WyIxLjAwMTQ2MTkiLG51bGwsInRlc3R1c2VyOTkwOUBsb2NhbC5jb20iLCJjNmI4ZjQyNC0wOTRjLTQ1MWYtYWMxNS05Y2ZkODI3NTZlNGEiXSwicXMiOiIqIiwic2YiOltdfQ",
  "total": 12009,
  "users": [
    ...
  ]
}
----

> If you attempt run a query to find results using a `startRow` greater than 10,000 you will receive an error. To get around this you can use the same query with a `startRow` of 9975 and a `numberOfResults` of 25. Using those results you can take the `nextResults` token from the response and run the following query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you attempt run a query to find results using a `startRow` greater than 10,000 you will receive an error. To get around this you can use the same query with a `startRow` of 9,975 and a `numberOfResults` of 25. Using those results you can take the `nextResults` token from the response and run the following query:
```

[source,json]
.Next Results Query
----
include::docs/src/json/users/search-nextResults-request.json[]
----

> You will receive a response containing users 10001 through 10025. You can then take the `nextResults` token from that response and repeat the request for users 10026 through 10050, and continue to repeat as needed to page through the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will receive a response containing users 10,001 through 10,025. You can then take the `nextResults` token from that response and repeat the request for users 10,026 through 10,050, and continue to repeat as needed to page through the results.
```
